# Typomatic &mdash; a Sass &amp; Compass based typographic kit

Typomatic is an all-purpose, pre-cooked Sass typographic kit for your daily needs fueled by Compass and Sass Maps. 

## Demo
A demo is included in the project, clone it and open *index.html* file in your favourite browser. 

## Config
The *_config.scss* consists of basic Compass Vertical Rhythm, font family and Typomatic core settings.

### Typomatic settings

	$type-prefix

A prefix for type placeholders generated by the generator loop function.

	$type-scale

Sass Map with the type scale. Use it to modify the scale to match your project. 

	$type-weight

Sass Map with the type weights. Use it to modify the weights to match your project. 

## Mixins
### type-scale

The type-scale mixin takes three parameters - $scale, $extend and $map. Scale is a value from the $type-scale map (eg. tiny, small, base etc). The $extend is a boolean true by default, use false when using the mixin in a media query (since @extend directive does not work in media queries). The $map parameter is the name of the type-scale variable map.

	@include type-scale($scale, $extend: true, $map: $type-scale);

Basic usage example (will use the @extend directive):
	
	@include type-scale(small);

Media query usage (will use the @include directive):

	@include type-scale(small, false);

### type-scale parameters:

    $scale

The scale argument takes a value from the list of sizes (small, base, medium...) defined in the *$type-scale* map.
	
    $extend

The extend argument is a boolean. Default is true, when set to false the mixin outputs the css with the @include instead of @extend for use inside media queries.

    $map
    
The map argument takes a map defined in the *$type-scale* map, usefull if you have two different typefaces with different styles. 


### type-weight

Parameters:

    $weight

The type-weight mixin takes one parameter — the font weight as declared in the Sass map $type-weight.

## Follow up

I would love to hear your comments!

[Follow me on Twitter](http://twitter.com/amlinarev)

[Follow me on Medium](http://medium.com/@amlinarev)
